I'm Jay Hayes with black star
amplification here talking about the LT
pedals from black star I've got five of
them up here ranging from a boost Drive
distortion metal and the dual they all
feature sounded switching very very
quiet and I'll go from the boost down to
the the higher gain ranges here so I'll
play the same kind of thing basically
and go through the gain ranges the boost
is just a straight volume based in
trouble the drive is the same kind of
thing but it has of course gain and and
tone the distortion and the metal and
the dual all feature the ISF control
which is actually our tone stack shifter
it goes from a youth s style to a UK
style and anywhere in between so let me
start at the boost this is going through
an ID sixty behind me here set four
clean
we'll bring the boost flat response on
the boost kicks the up a bit harder
nice for solo boost here's the drive
Storen
the metal
here's the dual the green Channel
and then read
so switching again from the drive to
distortion to the metal on guys doing
right in a rav4 you
again the LT series from Black Star